BREST CANCER PREDICTION USING DEEP LEARNING:

To better provide effective cancer detection, a system needs to process 200 to 300 cells per frame, which is impossible through manual tracking [51]. Therefore, the development of effective technologies for breast cancer detection becomes necessary. In contrast, deep learning can be utilized to find patterns in unprocessed data. In recent times, deep learning is a common tool used to detect breast cancer. Deep learning methods have been demonstrated to be capable of diagnosing breast cancer up to 12 months earlier than those using conventional clinical procedures [16]. In addition, the techniques can be used to learn the most pertinent features to best tackle the issue. In recent times, different deep learning-based methods have been introduced for breast cancer diagnosis, which include CNN-, DNN-, RNN-, DBN- and AE-based approaches.

ABSTRACT:

The rapid development of deep learning, a family of machine learning techniques, has spurred much interest in its application to medical imaging problems. Here, we develop a deep learning algorithm that can accurately detect breast cancer on screening mammograms using an “end-to-end” training approach that efficiently leverages training datasets with either complete clinical annotation or only the cancer status (label) of the whole image. In this approach, lesion annotations are required only in the initial training stage, and subsequent stages require only image-level labels, eliminating the reliance on rarely available lesion annotations. Our all convolutional network method for classifying screening mammograms attained excellent performance in comparison with previous methods.
